Restructure Non-Quickstart Docs (#86)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: docs/int/quickstart/group/quickstart-group-operator.md

## Step 3. Run the DKG
:::info

> For Charon v1, the [DKG](docs/dv/charon/dkg.md) needs to happen relatively synchronously between participants at an agreed time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the [DKG](docs/dv/charon/dkg.md) to complete, all operators need to be running the command simultaneously. It helps to coordinate an agreed upon time amongst operators at which to run the command.
```
